Delete Data SDK and Update Readme (#4)
Azure-Samples/service-bus-dotnet-manage-with-claims-based-authorization: README.md

 - Create send authorization rule for queue.
 - Create send and listener authorization rule for Topic.
 - Get the keys from authorization rule to connect to queue.
 - Delete namespace

>  More about how to use Azure Service Bus see [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more on how to use Azure Service Bus see the [samples for sending and receiving messages](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/azure/azure-sdk-for-net/azuremessagingservicebus-samples/).
```
